# Artificial Abstract Artist

This is a series of applications I created in middle school in order to generate an artificial equivalent of abstract art. They were designed as an act of irony aimed against contemporary abstract art, as opposed to traditional art, which would be a lot harder to imitate using simple shape-generating algorithms.

## Artysta

The first app of the series only uses single dots for image generation. While very simple and not really artistic, it is capable of creating picturesque space-like images if left running for long enough.

## Artysta 2.0

The second app of the series uses random unfilled tetragons for image generation. Its creations tend to look like child's drawings and are not artistic, but they still represent the negative outlook on abstract art as meaningless.

## Artysta 3.0

The third app of the series uses filled regular octagons for image generation. Its creations tend to look a little more artistic than the ones generated by the previous apps, but are still a little too schematic to be able to be mistaken for actual abstract art.

## Artysta 4.0

The fourth app of the series uses unfilled regular octagons for image generation. While its creations deviate strongly from the main goal of creating mock abstract art, they end up creating quite picturesque patterns for potential use in clothing fashion industry.

## Artysta 5.0

The fifth app of the series uses random filled tetragons for image generation. Its process of "creation" poses a serious danger for people suffering from epilepsy, and its creations are far from artistic, but it's quite capable of creation of mock abstract art. Some of its creations are getting considerably close to what can be considered abstract art.

## Artysta 6.0

The sixth and final app of the series uses all of the shapes used by the previous apps, including single dots. This mix proved a little unfortunate, as most of its creations are nothing close to what can be considered abstract art. On the other hand, a few of them can actually be quite convincing.

## Disclaimer

While I might have considered those apps funny in middle school, regarding their intended purpose, at this point they are simply a stage in my pursuit of mastering OpenGL.
